hey guys they drove in here did you hear
that
let's let's listen again that is what
they call tinnitus and what tinnitus is
is pretty much your ears telling you
that they're dying it's hearing damage
and hearing damage is permanent you
can't get your hearing back once you
lose it I'm sure most of you guys have
experienced multi noticed before and
that's usually when you coming home from
a live event or a rave or something like
that and you're in bed you can't sleep
because all you can hear is that ringing
sound Nick you're lucky that only
happens for about two hours but if
you're unlucky and it's permanent you'll
hear a light droning sound for the rest
of your life battery stop something like
this earplugs
now I'm sure when you guys think
earplugs you think of things like these
these are the disposable earplugs you
get these anywhere you go to work site
some of that someone's really loud to
hand these out free now what I'm talking
about is stuff like this these are the
ear phd's they're reusable musicians
earplugs they're made of some kind of
like a silicon kind of material you put
these in and what they do is that they
easily lower the sound let me
demonstrate this is what it sounds like
when you're using foam earplugs now this
is what it sounds like when you're using
musicians earplugs now if you notice
when I was talking to you if these foam
earplugs it dropped the quality of my
voice quite a bit it was muddy and the
quality looks very very low however if
you're using stuff like the evening
safeties all it does is it drops the
volume and that's exactly what you want
you want the volume drop to a safe nap
level so it is don't get damaged on your
live events now the reason I like these
so much is that they are quite compact
now if you take a look you can see the
difference this is an older style ear
plug that I've used before you know
they've been quite common design for the
past couple years now these earpieces as
you can see they're noticeably shorter
however another thing you notice on
these old ones is that there's this huge
plastic piece here now this is the
filter and it's built into the ear plugs
the EPS HDS have read
usable and removable filters in there
and basically what they do is that
they'll help filled out the sound so
they make it bit quieter they also give
you a pack in the box which are even
more stronger filters so if you need
even more sound reduction you can use
those instead and another another thing
about it being so long is that if you're
a DJ and you're putting these in and
you're trying to mix music with your
headphones this piece will generally
touch the inside of your headphones
that's really uncomfortable the ear
piece that's that's pretty much all that
will be there there's this little pull
tape here that's made of a very soft
material and they'll just bounce right
off the end another cool thing is that
they come with a carry case which I
really like the nice aluminum carry case
and the best thing about these by far is
I don't know why more people don't think
of this they give you three ear plugs
they don't just give you two they give
you a spare one if you lose these things
so easily this is just great because you
know you leave this on at home if you
lose one you got a spare right there
even if you do end up losing all of them
it's not so bad because they're only
eighteen dollars on the website so what
I use though I use these custom molded
ear plugs earpiece also do stuff like
this as well you need to go to your
audiologist and they get a mold of your
ears and then you can send these off and
I'll get them made for you what these
basically are is that they're molded
specifically for your ears and only your
ears these are the highest quality ones
you can get but unfortunately they cost
you about $200 so it's not cheap by any
means which is why I use stuff like this
when I go out on the weekends because
you know if you lose something like this
it's like eighteen nineteen dollars and
I'm not gonna cry right in nineteen no
at $200 anyways guys hope you enjoy this
video I hope you will remember that
you're hearing is super important and
you don't want to go deaf by the time
you're 40 now go out there and get
yourself some earplugs if you do not
have some check it out down here for
more info on the ear PhD and where you
can get them from yeah super recommended
by me and I'll see you guys next time